A popular chat tools-----QQ
Tencent QQ (hereinafter referred to as "QQ") is a development of the tencent company based on the Internet instant messaging (IM) software. Support  online chat, video calls, point-to-point breakpoint continuingly files, share files, network hard disk, custom panel, QQ, E-mail and other functions, and can be connected to a variety of communication terminal. The logo of QQ is a small penguin wearing a red scarf.
QQ have already covered Microsoft Windows, OS X, Android, iOS, Windows Phone and other mainstream platform. so that we can easily use it in a variety of  Electronic products.
    In 1999.2.Tencent company fond QQ，in the same year，QQ soon have more than 6，000 users.as time pass by,QQ’s users increase rapidly.In 2000 QQ can be used in Mobile phone.then the user of it increase sharply. No wonder that QQ have more than 
1,000,000,000 in 2010. so why does QQ have so many users？let me tell you.
Frist  Free
every one could have a QQ without paing anything.in my oponion，this is one of  the most important reasons why people choose QQ.
second  convenience
QQ is very easy to use，and you can use it to chat with the friends from all over the world,as well as keep a e-pet,which is like a lovely penguin.you can also play varied kinds of qq-games,such as chinese chess online,etc.what's more,you can get the information of weather and the worldwide news  
third  prevalent
because there are so many people are using QQ，almost everyone among you have it.
It is obvious that you will have one in no time.Only in this way can you equally communication with your partner.If not your partner will say you are out of faish
even laugh at you.
There is no dying that QQ is a useful tool,but in my opinion,there also many thing QQ need to change. first of all,QQ should do more to protect our personal information.because nowadays there are so many conpany are collecting our personal information.
what's more ,through there are so many chinese use QQ,but people in other part of word 
rare use it.As a english major students I should try my best to catch evey chance to communication with native speakers.I need to meet native speaker in QQ.
With more than 800 million registered users and 300 million monthly active users ,QQ is both the most popular instant messenger service and the largest online community in the world.
In China, QQ is not just a way to communicate—it's a phenomenon, a part of culture, and a daily necessity.
